Nolan Flores 934525801

Recursion:
    make
    ./test
Linked List:
    make
    make test_double
    ./test
    ./test_double

Extra Credit:
    For the linked list, I completed both extra credits.

    I removed linked_list.cpp, and implemented linked_list
    as a template class in linked_list.hpp. I then copied
    and modified test.cpp into test_double.cpp.

    I implemented the recursive selection sort for the
    descending sort. It is a private method that is
    initially called from the public sort_descending() method.
    The intial call provides the list head as the only argument,
    and each recursive call provides the next node to be sorted
    as it's argument. It was a real headache to wrap my head around.

Runtime Complexity:
    sort_ascending():
        It's a recursive merge sort with a complexity of O(n*log(n)).
        If the list is longer than 1, it is divided into halves. Those
        halves are then recursively cut in half over and over, until the
        sublists have a length of 1 or 0. Then each of the small halves
        of 1 or 0 are put back togther in a sorted order, resulting in
        small sorted lists, this happens recursively until all of the
        smaller sorted lists are recombined back into a large sorted list.
        The splitting takes O(log(n)) time, and the sorting takes O(n) time,
        resulting in a complecity of O(n*log(n)).
    sort_descending():
        It's a recursive selection sort with a complexity of O(n^2).
        The algorithm is passed the head of a list. It then loops
        through all of the nodes after the head to find the node with
        the largest value. It then swaps the head node with the node
        with the largest value. It then recursively calls itself, passing
        the next node as the argument, essentially passing a list with
        one less length. This goes until the recursive calls reach the end
        of the list, and the pointer to the head of the list is returned.
        The method is called n times, and each call loops through the list,
        meaning it has a complexity of O(n^2).